greetings to all you giant readers
points at the moment we are at the stand
asus
what you see in the video is the asus zen
phone 2 device that had already been
presented last 6 and 2015 of las
vegas in which we had already spoken
because we had talked about it for the best
there were value for money
communicated
the sales figures that will fluctuate between
the 249 349 euros based on the version is
the cheapest version will be from
249 the specifications of this device
5.5 inch display full hd 1900 20 x
1080 pixel processor intel z35 60
then an atom of the trail then there will be
also the 35 80 variant both quads
2gb or 4gb ram core and internal memory
from 16 32 or 64 GB expandable up to 64 GB
additional 3,000 miles for the battery
connectivity
4g all the connectivity possible
then bluetooth 4.0 gps with a gps
glonass wifi 802.11 etcetera and so on e
a weight of 170 grams for a form factor
very very pleasant very pleasant the
frontal is basically classic
we say for the forms we are used to
to see in the furniture market
later we can see material
of these would seem satin aluminum
definitely you see recognized keys
they are very similar to those of the g2 then
of the g3 double rear camera
LED flash system speaker logo
in you the zen phone
the device seems to be built a lot
well it is very well solid inside
of the hand is a 5.5 inch
from my point of view rather
optimized i don't have much hands
big is however very large however like
you can see there is pretty good
the operating system is android lollipop
5.0 with zhen yu ai applied by
asus then personalization
quite deep as you can see
Applied launcher icons package
however somehow modified is
the draw air is present
various pre-installed asus applications
what about this live device that you
it was certainly created thanks to the excellent
value for money I think that in
this first contact is enough
is also justified
variant with display hd therefore not full
hd with the same cut always from 5.5
inch
maybe we hope to be able to do it
try for you
for now from the mobile word congress aims 15
with asus is all this